Grammar (#1394)
dependabot/dependabot-core: README.md

Dependabot Core is a collection of packages for automating dependency updating
in Ruby, JavaScript, Python, PHP, Elixir, Elm, Go, Rust, Java and
.NET. It can also update git submodules, Docker files, and Terraform files.
Highlights include:

- Logic to check for the latest version of a dependency *that's resolvable given
  a project's other dependencies*

> - Logic to generate updated manifest and lock files for a new dependency version

Reviewer: Could we keep the `lockfiles` spelling? Most package managers use this spelling

```suggestion
- Logic to generate updated manifest and lockfiles for a new dependency version
```

the following:
- If you would like to use Dependabot Core in a non-commercial capacity, such as
  to host a bot at your workplace, then we give you full permission to do so. In
  fact, we'd love you to and will help and support you however we can.
- If you would like to add Dependabot's functionality to your for-profit

>   company's offering then we DO NOT permit you to use Dependabot Core

Reviewer: Could we keep this wording to not change the license in any way?

```suggestion
  company's offering then we DO NOT give you permission to use Dependabot Core
```
